docs: Add subfolder for GrafanaDashboard and GrafanaFolder in documentation (#1629)
grafana/grafana-operator: docs/docs/dashboards.md

To mitigate the scenario, if `uid` is not hardcoded, the operator will insert the value taken from CR's `metadata.uid` (this value is automatically generated by Kubernetes itself for all resources).

## Select the folder where the dashboard will be deployed

> By default, a dashboard declared will appear in a Folder with the name of the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a dashboard will appear in a Folder with the name of the namespace
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaDashboard
metadata:
  name: grafana-folder-default
  labels:
    dashboards: "grafana"
spec:
  # the folder will be "default" by default
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  json: |
    {
      "id": null,
      "title": "Folder Without Folder Defined",
      "tags": [],
      "style": "dark",
      "timezone": "browser",
      "editable": true,
      "hideControls": false,
      "graphTooltip": 1,
      "panels": [],
      "time": {
        "from": "now-6h",
        "to": "now"
      },
      "timepicker": {
        "time_options": [],
        "refresh_intervals": []
      },
      "templating": {
        "list": []
      },
      "annotations": {
        "list": []
      },
      "refresh": "5s",
      "schemaVersion": 17,
      "version": 0,
      "links": []
    }
```

If you want to put the dashboard in a specific folder, you have two choices:

> * Select an already deployed GrafanaFolder CR, you can use its reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use an `GrafanaFolder` resouce as a reference:
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaFolder
metadata:
  name: folder-ref
spec:
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  title: "Folder"

---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaDashboard
metadata:
  name: grafana-folderref
  labels:
    dashboards: "grafana"
spec:
  folderRef: folder-ref
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  json: |
    {
      "id": null,
      "title": "Folder Ref With Folder",
      "tags": [],
      "style": "dark",
      "timezone": "browser",
      "editable": true,
      "hideControls": false,
      "graphTooltip": 1,
      "panels": [],
      "time": {
        "from": "now-6h",
        "to": "now"
      },
      "timepicker": {
        "time_options": [],
        "refresh_intervals": []
      },
      "templating": {
        "list": []
      },
      "annotations": {
        "list": []
      },
      "refresh": "5s",
      "schemaVersion": 17,
      "version": 0,
      "links": []
    }
```

> * Select an already existing folder in Grafana, you can use it uid as a selector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a static UID as a folder reference
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaDashboard
metadata:
  name: grafana-folderuid
  labels:
    dashboards: "grafana"
spec:
  folderUID: ec94e912-02f4-463b-9968-1f5f7db3531f
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  json: |
    {
      "id": null,
      "title": "Folder UID With Folder",
      "tags": [],
      "style": "dark",
      "timezone": "browser",
      "editable": true,
      "hideControls": false,
      "graphTooltip": 1,
      "panels": [],
      "time": {
        "from": "now-6h",
        "to": "now"
      },
      "timepicker": {
        "time_options": [],
        "refresh_intervals": []
      },
      "templating": {
        "list": []
      },
      "annotations": {
        "list": []
      },
      "refresh": "5s",
      "schemaVersion": 17,
      "version": 0,
      "links": []
    }
```

## Custom folders

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a reference here that this approach is not recommended?

Author: Normally, the line should be added. Can I let you review this MR again ?
